README.md, before:

# InstanceLootPlugin

This plugin is used to provide instance based loot when you're running with "Artifact of Sacrifice" and "Artifact of Command" enabled.

## Features

- Ensures drop rates are appropriate for the number of players, since all drops are shared now.
- Adds bad luck protection to prevent long stretches without item drops from kills.
- Adds a shortcut `F3` to pull all unpicked items to you.
- Adds a console command `drop_rate <value>` to set a custom drop rate for items (0-100).
- Adds a console command `drop_rate_report` to view drop rate statistics for your run in the debugging window.

## Changelog
### 2.1.0

- Fix compatibility after Devotion update

### 2.0.1

- Fix compatibility with CommandQueue mod

### 2.0.0

#### Fixes

- No longer despawns all item drops if Artifact of Command is disabled.
- Mod will disable itself during Bulwark's Ambry to avoid a bug causing Artifacts to not be rewarded on successful clears.
- [DropInMultiplayer] Focusing (alt-tab) the Application will fix loot being non-interactable if a player joins after a level has loaded. This issue will resolve automatically at the beginning of the next stage if no action is taken.
- Resolve NRE log spam from F3 keybind when no items can be pulled.

#### Configuration Options

- Base drop rate
- Disable player-based drop rates
- Disable swarm drop rate modifier
- Minimum drop rate
- Drop rate mulitplier

#### Dynamic Drop Rates

There are a lot of details here, so it can be hard to understand how the game actually _feels_ with these changes.

Here is what we aimed for:

- Roughly 1 item per minute (this inevitably speeds up later in the game).
- More consistent experiences with varying group sizes. (Roughly the same item rate as solo play.)
- More consistent experiences with and without Artifact of Swarms.

**Balance Changes**

1. Compensate drop rate for Artifact of Swarms (the game doubles spawns, but reduces drop rates by as little as 15%).
2. Ensures drop rates are appropriate for the number of players, since all drops are shared now.
3. Account for additional factors used by the game when calculating drop rates.
   - Artifact of Swarms lowers drop chances. (Lemurian w/ Swarms: 5%) vs (Lemurian w/o Swarms: 7.9%)
   - Elites have higher drop rates than normal enemies. (Normal Lemurian: 7.9%) vs (Elite Lemurian: 19%)
   - Some enemies have a higher base drop rate than others. (Normal Beetle: 5%) vs (Normal Scavenger: 43.2%)
   - Some entities have a native drop rate of 0%. (Mending healing orbs, TheBackup drones, Void Infestors)
4. Bad Luck Protection: A 4 player lobby will have a base drop rate of 1.25, so it is possible for drops to feel scarce. We prevent unlucky streaks by adding all drop chances to a pool, and increasing drop rates after it reaches 100%. Bad luck protection only kicks in if the survivor's item count is falling behind (fewer item drops than expected or low item drops per minute).
   - Example: Survivors have killed 80 enemies with a drop rate of 1.25%, adding up to 100%.
     - next enemy has a 1.25% drop rate, so the drop rate will be bumped to 2.5%. (cumulative chance = 101.25%)
     - next enemy has a 3% drop rate, so the drop rate will be bumped to 7.25%. (cumulative chance = 104.25%)
     - next enemy has a 1.25% drop rate, so the drop rate will be bumped to 6.75%. (cumulative chance = 105.5%)
     - next enemy has a 5% drop rate, so the drop rate will be bumped to 10.5%. (cumulative chance = 110.5%)
5. Do not scale teleporter loot drops by player count

### Contributors

- [tgrieger](https://github.com/tgrieger)
- Grey

Commit message:

* Allows the pull items to you hotkey to be configurable from F3 to any key (#8)
* Updates version and packages

README.md, after:

# InstanceLootPlugin

This plugin is used to provide instance based loot when you're running with "Artifact of Sacrifice" and "Artifact of Command" enabled.

## Features

- Ensures drop rates are appropriate for the number of players, since all drops are shared now.
- Adds bad luck protection to prevent long stretches without item drops from kills.
- Adds a shortcut `F3` to pull all unpicked items to you.
- Adds a console command `drop_rate <value>` to set a custom drop rate for items (0-100).
- Adds a console command `drop_rate_report` to view drop rate statistics for your run in the debugging window.
- Adds a console command `instance_loot_hotkey` that can be used to change the default hotkey

## Changelog
### 2.2.0

- Add configurable hotkey management for pulling items to you through a new console command `instance_loot_hotkey`
- Update packages

### 2.1.0

- Fix compatibility after Devotion update

### 2.0.1

- Fix compatibility with CommandQueue mod

### 2.0.0

#### Fixes

- No longer despawns all item drops if Artifact of Command is disabled.
- Mod will disable itself during Bulwark's Ambry to avoid a bug causing Artifacts to not be rewarded on successful clears.
- [DropInMultiplayer] Focusing (alt-tab) the Application will fix loot being non-interactable if a player joins after a level has loaded. This issue will resolve automatically at the beginning of the next stage if no action is taken.
- Resolve NRE log spam from F3 keybind when no items can be pulled.

#### Configuration Options

- Base drop rate
- Disable player-based drop rates
- Disable swarm drop rate modifier
- Minimum drop rate
- Drop rate mulitplier

#### Dynamic Drop Rates

There are a lot of details here, so it can be hard to understand how the game actually _feels_ with these changes.

Here is what we aimed for:

- Roughly 1 item per minute (this inevitably speeds up later in the game).
- More consistent experiences with varying group sizes. (Roughly the same item rate as solo play.)
- More consistent experiences with and without Artifact of Swarms.

**Balance Changes**

1. Compensate drop rate for Artifact of Swarms (the game doubles spawns, but reduces drop rates by as little as 15%).
2. Ensures drop rates are appropriate for the number of players, since all drops are shared now.
3. Account for additional factors used by the game when calculating drop rates.
   - Artifact of Swarms lowers drop chances. (Lemurian w/ Swarms: 5%) vs (Lemurian w/o Swarms: 7.9%)
   - Elites have higher drop rates than normal enemies. (Normal Lemurian: 7.9%) vs (Elite Lemurian: 19%)
   - Some enemies have a higher base drop rate than others. (Normal Beetle: 5%) vs (Normal Scavenger: 43.2%)
   - Some entities have a native drop rate of 0%. (Mending healing orbs, TheBackup drones, Void Infestors)
4. Bad Luck Protection: A 4 player lobby will have a base drop rate of 1.25, so it is possible for drops to feel scarce. We prevent unlucky streaks by adding all drop chances to a pool, and increasing drop rates after it reaches 100%. Bad luck protection only kicks in if the survivor's item count is falling behind (fewer item drops than expected or low item drops per minute).
   - Example: Survivors have killed 80 enemies with a drop rate of 1.25%, adding up to 100%.
     - next enemy has a 1.25% drop rate, so the drop rate will be bumped to 2.5%. (cumulative chance = 101.25%)
     - next enemy has a 3% drop rate, so the drop rate will be bumped to 7.25%. (cumulative chance = 104.25%)
     - next enemy has a 1.25% drop rate, so the drop rate will be bumped to 6.75%. (cumulative chance = 105.5%)
     - next enemy has a 5% drop rate, so the drop rate will be bumped to 10.5%. (cumulative chance = 110.5%)
5. Do not scale teleporter loot drops by player count

### Contributors

- [tgrieger](https://github.com/tgrieger)
- Grey
